---
cssclass: zotero-note
alias: ["132407932.pdf"]
---
#memex #technology

> [!info]
> - **Cite Key:** [[@bush132407932Pdf]]
> - **Link:** [132407932.pdf](file://C:\Users\conco\Zotero\storage\P7RR9JM3\132407932.pdf)

#### Key Take Aways
Bush discusses various technologies , but one stands out more than any other, the memex. He describes the memex as a personal library for the creator in which each idea interlinks with another idea. He gives an example on reaserch regardins a bow in which the initial basic questions regarding this bow open up various other opportunities. Bush also indirectly hints at the memex being useful for keeping a record of ideas. To emhapize this point he provides and example of various pieces of technology being forgotten about due to the lack of records.

## Annotations
%% begin annotations %%


### Imported on 2023-02-08 2:22 pm

#### Agree

> [!quote|#5fb236] Highlight
> his has not been a scientist’s war; it has been a war in which all have had a part
>
> [Page 1](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=1) [[2023-02-08#10:22 am]]

> [!quote|#5fb236] Highlight
> Science has provided the swiftest communication between individuals; it has provided a record of ideas and has enabled man to manipulate and to make ex­tracts from that record so that knowledge evolves and endures throughout the life of a race rather than that of an individual.
>
> [Page 1](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=1) [[2023-02-08#10:41 am]]

> [!quote|#5fb236] Highlight
> and this sort of catastrophe is undoubt­edly being repeated all about us, as truly significant
>
> [Page 1](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=1) [[2023-02-08#10:47 am]]

> [!quote|#5fb236] Highlight
> attainments become lost in the mass of the incon­ sequential.
>
> [Page 2](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=2) [[2023-02-08#10:47 am]]

> [!quote|#5fb236] Highlight
> If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get far in our understanding of the physical world
>
> [Page 5](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=5) [[2023-02-08#1:18 pm]]

#### Questions / confusion

> [!quote|#ffd400] Highlight
> Professionally our methods of transmitting and re­viewing the results of research are generations old and by now are totally inadequate for their purpose.
>
> [Page 1](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=1) [[2023-02-08#10:42 am]]

> [!quote|#ffd400] Highlight
> Men­ del’s concept of the laws of genetics was lost to the world for a generation because his publication did not reach the few who were capable of grasping and ex­ tending it;
>
> [Page 1](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=1) [[2023-02-08#10:44 am]]

> [!quote|#ffd400] Highlight
> Moreover, it would have been subject to frequent breakdown, so that it could not have been depended upon; for at that time and long after, complexity and unreliability were synonymous.
>
> [Page 2](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=2) [[2023-02-08#10:50 am]]

> [!quote|#ffd400] Highlight
> A mathematician is not a man who can readily manipulate figures; often he cannot. He is not even a man who can readily per­ form the transformations of equations by the use of calculus. He is primarily an individual who is skilled in the use of symbolic logic on a high plane, and espe­cially he is a man of intuitive judgment in the choice of the manipulative processes he employs.
>
> [Page 5](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=5) [[2023-02-08#1:21 pm]]

> [!quote|#ffd400] Highlight
> M an cannot hope fully to duplicate this mental process artificially, but he certainly ought to be able to learn from it. In minor ways he may even improve, for his records have relative permanency
>
> [Page 6](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=6) [[2023-02-08#1:34 pm]]

> [!quote|#ffd400] Highlight
> Consider a future device for individual use, which is a sort of mechanized private file and library. It needs a name, and, to coin one at random, “ memex” will do.
>
> [Page 6](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=6) [[2023-02-08#1:36 pm]]

#### Definitions / concepts

> [!quote|#2ea8e5] Highlight
> This is the essential fea­ture of the memex. The process of tying two items together is the important thing.
>
> [Page 7](zotero://open-pdf/library/items/P7RR9JM3?page=7) [[2023-02-08#1:42 pm]]


%% end annotations %%

%% Import Date: 2023-02-08T14:22:37.042-05:00 %%


### Bibliographic Info
Bush, Vannaeer. “132407932.Pdf.” Accessed February 8, 2023. [https://cdn.theatlantic.com/media/archives/1945/07/176-1/132407932.pdf](https://cdn.theatlantic.com/media/archives/1945/07/176-1/132407932.pdf).