#memex #technology #information

Source: [[@bush132407932Pdf]]

In  [[@bush132407932Pdf]] "This is the essential fea­ture of the memex. The process of tying two items together is the important thing.". I flagged this as an appropriate definition, however, I'd also agree with Dr. Bush, in that, everything we do or discover must have a relation to another thing we've previously discovered. Knowledge and ideas don't appear out of thin air. You as the reader would be incorrect to say two taken sources within this very memex have no interlinkages. It's possible the link is not obvious however it still does exist otherwise I wouldn't have put it in this memex. Even if I were to take the most extreme scenario where I intentionally try to violate my theorem, say I take a source at random and then you ask "This is a random source, how could it possibly be related?" and of course, this is a valid question. Since it is random the link could be extremely difficult to find, but still exists. This is because knowledge has a tree-like structure in which each branch is a general idea with each leaf of said branch being a specific point about the general idea. The trunk of the tree holds all our knowledge together and thus all this knowledge has connections in which the strength of the interlinkages varies depending on the distance between two leaves. This tree-like structure can be applied to your memex and thus all your ideas do have interlinkages.

### Key Take Aways:
This is to help convince the reader that the memex is more than just a personal library as [[@bush132407932Pdf]] put it, it functions as an extension of the creator's brain. The goal of the creator of the memex is to record the connections of knowledge that consciously and subconsciously occur in the brain at the time of research.